README.md, before:

Seshi
=============
Open-source implementation of Seshi, a collaborative session making tool for planning academic conferences, written in Meteor 



The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2016 Haoqi Zhang

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

removed fontawesome package -- didn't seem to be using it

README.md, after:

Seshi
=============
Open-source implementation of Seshi, a collaborative session making tool for planning academic conferences, written in Meteor 

Some packages you will probably need (or at least, are in use now):
     accounts-base            1.2.2  A user account system
     accounts-password        1.1.4  Password support for accounts
     easy:search              2.0.8  Easy-to-use search with Blaze Components 
     fortawesome:fontawesome  4.5.0  Font Awesome (official): 500+ scalable vector...
     iron:router              1.0.12  Routing specifically designed for Meteor
     jquery                   1.11.4  Manipulate the DOM using CSS selectors
     mizzao:bootstrap-3       3.3.1_1  HTML, CSS, and JS framework for developing ...
     mizzao:jquery-ui         1.11.4  Simple lightweight pull-in for jQuery UI in ...
     sacha:spin               2.3.1  Simple spinner package for Meteor


The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2016 Haoqi Zhang

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
